Operational (Business Intel / Data Science specific)
Complio dashboard Rollout to Market leaders and build all supporting reporting at Rep level for Channels. - Delivering Care Complio by end of Q1 - w/o and then with Rep details
Extend Complio for Care and Inside sales channels this year by modifying metrics as needed and may need to provide ability for users to print out detail level records.
Build and Enhance Care and Inside Sales Dashboards: Continue to build robust compliance dashboards on outliers to quickly identify and assess risks.
-Convo IQ rollout - working with team to assist in validation
-Conco IQ - once data is good, begin building reports and dashboards utilizing the data
Provide support on all data needs that Care and Inside Sales requests on adhoc basis and continue monitoring purposes including dashboards with latest data to mitigate risks.
Assist in implementing best practices with Tableau development for front end visualization and data management process to ensure best performance and optimal reporting.
Standardize BI developed processes across RMC as required; document processes/best practices
Continuously drive Self Serve and RPA opportunities
Build Digital Transformation projects by enhancing tools & technologies to support Risk management group needs
Build Smartsheet solution across all channels that have a need for a Case Tracker - similar to Indirect Case Tracker - but utilizing additional tools that are now available to Verizon.
Learning Looker and implementing Looker Dashboards (if needed)
EDW Modernization : help to implement Big Query rollout - utilizing for querying, building automated jobs, moving QM Tables, using w Tableau and/or Looker
Implement solutions with Knime

Leadership Principles: Create & Drive Change
Resource management - working with VZ India partner and Thrive Apprentice
manage projects by delegating work to team mates
provide guidance to help team feel supported and confident
Implement creative solutions to provide dashboards, queries etc for RMC Care, Inside Sales, and Indirect (Smartsheet) so that they can easily see, explain and use data for reports, presentations, analysis and auto coaches.
Learn new and creative ways to solve needs of business (KNIME, Python, etc)
Proactively provide solutions to help channels supported deliver results

Risk Management and Compliance (VISION)
Risk Management and Compliance (VCG) Identify, assess and partner to mitigate risks that pose threats to the business to enable it to deliver on priorities.
Develop and implement to ensure every action taken by Verizon is honest and in the best interests of our customers, employees, partners and shareholders.
Always drive integrity through urgent action, clear communication, respect and trust
Verizon solutions that ensure ethical and honest consumer interactions.
Ensure robust effective internal controls and compliance programs focusing on consumer protection, financial impacts, and legal and regulatory, operational, and reputational risks.
Identify, Quantify, and Prioritize Risk via a proactive, measurable and systematically documented method.

Risk Management and Compliance Priorities (Priorities)
Enhance Partnerships:
Enhance Risk Mgmt. & compliance controls on various key focus areas with business partners ( Markets, Operations, HR Legal and Corp Security and ERM):
Manage & Support Complio Metrics dashboards that have been launched and other detail level reporting analytics to customer facing all Six (6) Markets Organizations to closely monitor compliance metrics with respect to inline with Leaderboard sales reporting.
Develop and maintain Monthly and Quarterly Legal/Compliance reviews and provide all supporting data and analytics for leadership.
Enhance and leverage self-serve dashboards for all business areas of the group such as Retail, Indirect, Inside Sales, Tracfone, Visible, Digital, Customer Service, Marketing & New Product and Regulatory
Develop and Support all business risk issues by delivering E2E solutions,  data analytics and reporting to continuous monitoring and investigation to identify and mitigate by uncover insights, drive cross-functional actions, promote self-service analytics
Key Risk Focus Areas:
Customer Loyalty - Promo stacking
Phone Engagement - No and low use phone adds
FWA Address Gaming - Real time Location violations
Feature Sales Practices - VMP and feature stick rate
Perk Sales Practices - Wireless & Wireline Perk registration and engagement rates
Promotional Gaming  - False churn and refer-a-friend monitoring
Customer Success Empowerment - Promotional appeasement and OCCs

Assist with creation and implementation of Complio Dashboards
Continue to assist Care and inside sales team with their assigned projects and requests.
Continue to grow my knowledge in Tableau, SQL, and Knime
Learning how to use and implement the latest technologies for GCP (ex. Looker and Big Query)
Gain a top to bottom understanding of the Verizon business process
Grow my ability to communicate business metrics to the shareholders
Take initiative to assist with solving business problems as and before they become a issue.
